take a walk with me
to where you wanna be
take a walk in the park
but don't go after dark
what d'ya wanna see
and what d'ya wanna be
what d'ya wanna know
and where d'ya wanna

go when you go
we'll go there slow yeah
what you know
and what you don't know
what you are
you came so far yeah
what you came here for

take a stroll along
you're going for a song
take a stroll on home
but don't go on your own
where you been today
you're never going to say
only yours to know
where your gonna

go when you go
we'll go there slow yeah
what you know
and what you don't know
what you are
you came so far yeah
what you came here for

take a walk with me
to where you wanna be
take a walk in the park
but don't go after dark
what d'ya wanna see
and what d'ya wanna be
what d'ya wanna know
and where d'ya wanna

go when you go
we'll go there slow yeah
what you know
and what you don't know
what you are
you came so far yeah
what you came here for
